mouse rm181
imagingConfig rashi.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig rm181_config.csv

mouse sk144
imagingConfig meso4.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk144_config.csv

mouse sk134
imagingConfig meso4.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk134_config.csv

mouse sk126
imagingConfig meso3.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk126_tuning_config.csv

mouse sk125
imagingConfig meso3.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk125_config.csv

mouse sk132
imagingConfig meso3.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk132_config.csv

mouse sk117_0505
imagingConfig meso2.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk117_0505_config.csv

mouse sk117_0409
imagingConfig meso.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk117_0409_config.csv

mouse sk117_0405
imagingConfig meso.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk117_0405_config.csv

mouse sk117_04171
imagingConfig meso.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk117_04171_config.csv

mouse sk023
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk023_config.csv

mouse sk83_000
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk83_000_config.csv

mouse sk83_001
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk83_001_config.csv

mouse sk83_003
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk83_003_config.csv

mouse sk76_001
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk76_001_config.csv

mouse sk78_001
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig sk78_001_config.csv

mouse cd017
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig cd017_config.csv

mouse cd036
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig cd036_config.csv

mouse cd040
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt

mouse cd037
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG.txt
sessionConfig cd037_config.csv

mouse zz008
imagingConfig excitatory.txt
behaviorConfig GNG_ctrl1.txt